#ROBOTTINO	
this project was meant to teach to kids how simple programming and robots could be. We created a library with intuitive named functions, which actually hides all the standard functions of the libraries we used. As you can see from schematics this robots has an ultrasound module, a RGB led, a 128x64 oled screen, two photoresistors and a servo. In this project we used oled screen standard library (u8glib) and softwareServo library, we used this library and not Servo.h standard library for problem i'll describe later in this file. The complete Robottino project file can be find on https://github.com/cancelliere/Robottino.
We still have problems on how to include the libraries we used in this project file, so we recommend to install through arduino ide u8glib and softwareServo library and after the examples should work smoothly on every OS, if problems are encountered after you installed the libraries through arduino ide, you may want to delete the file in Robottino project, regarding u8glib and softwareServo library. So you can delete Oled directory, SoftwareServo.cpp and SoftwareServo.h and Example directory. Note that our library is written in italian since this project has been created for italian kids, thus writing english named functions could have made the things less intuitives for kids. So if you want to reuse this library you may want to translate it into your own native language. We'll suggest some translation, but obiouvsly this is up to you. We'll also upload schematics and a step-by-step tutorial to build Robottino.
The problem we had in this project were several, and i'll describe here.The first one was between buzzer and RGB led, infact due to PCB schematic is not possible to use analogWrite on Red led and buzzer together, because they'll use the same arduino timer, thus causing malfunctioning on the robot. In this case we had the buzzer, that emected sound with a decreasing tone each loop and the led which did not properly lighted itself. Also if the arduino code was written in order to make the buzzer sound with a constant tone and light the Red led.
So due to lack of time we decided to do not use the red light of the RGB led. In this way the buzzer works properly. Second problem was with the ultrasound module. This cheap module has a big problem that if there's no echo back to the module, this will wait till some echo comes back to it. Thus if there's no object in front of ultrasound module, this will seem frozen, in fact also if you give a pulse to trigger pin nothing will happen. so we were forced to use the buzzer while detecting objects with the ultrasound module, in order to unfreeze the module if no object is echoing sound.
Third problem= Blue led and servo use the same arduino timer if Servo.h	library is used. In fact if you give an analogWrite to blue pin if the value is differnt from 255 the servo will be activated and will make random movements. if 255 is written the blue led will be lighted. SoftwareServo which is an older library, seems to use a different timer from the one used on blue led pin, since this problem doesn't appear.


Robottino was invented and designed by Tongatron.

This project was made possible thanking to (in alphabetical order):
Cancelliere, Michelino95, Tagaf ,Theerbrow.
